User Journey -
Battleship


	I want to play the game Battleship and I find this application.  I notice that it automatically has it set up for me to play against a computer which is nice.  There are 2 buttons on the homescreen, “Start” and “How to Play.”  I click on “How to Play,” and it gives me the standard directions of the game Battleship, however it also has screenshots of what the application will look like while I’m playing.  It instructs me that I will be clicking on the upper part of the screen to indicate where I want to aim for.  I hit the “Back” button that is on the bottom of the instructions to bring me back to the homescreen.  I then hit the “Start” button and it prompts me to specify where to place my 5 ships on a grid.  The board is on the right ¾ of the screen while the ships are on the left ¼ of the screen.  I grab one of the ships with my mouse and drag it to place it on the board.  I notice that if I try to drag the ship off the top, bottom, or right, that it won’t allow me to take the ship further than the edge of the board.  If I release the cursor and the cursor is off the board, then the ship goes back to where it originally was in the left part of the screen.  I place my first ship and decide that I want it to go vertical so I click on the ship again which turns it from horizontal to vertical.  I also notice that if the ship is on the edge of the board that I can’t rotate the ship.  I go and select my next ship and I notice that if I try to release the ship while it is overlapping the previous ship(s) that the ship goes back to the bottom of the screen.  Once all of the ships are placed, a button appears in the middle of the screen that says “Start game” and I click on it.
	The screen then changes to the board with my ships on the bottom half of the screen and a blank game board on top half of the screen.  The way the screen is laid out is ⅕ ⅗ ⅕ with the left side being the player and the right side being the opponent as shown by labels at the top.  Each side has pictures of the ships in a column.  I also notice that the label “Player” is highlighted indicating that it’s my turn to play.  I click on one of the boxes of the top game board and it instantly turns red.  I also notice that there is a box on the bottom of the left column that shows the word “Hit” for about 3 seconds.  I then notice that my name is no longer highlighted and a white dot appears on the bottom part of my screen, where my ships are at, though the white dot is not where one of my ships is at, indicating that the computer missed my ships.  The label “Player” becomes highlighted again and I again select another square on the top part.  I notice that if I accidentally click on the bottom part where my ships are that nothing happens.  The square that I click on turns white and the word “Miss” appears for about 3 seconds where the word “Hit” was.  This game play continues on until the Opponent is able to sink one of my ships.  I then notice that the ship that was sunk is crossed out on the left side, where the column of ships are shown.  At the next turn I manage to sink one of their ships and a message comes up in the box that says “Player has sunk the {ship name}” for 3 seconds and the specified ship is shown crossed out on the right hand side.  This goes on until I manage to sink all of the opponent’s ships and a message appears in the middle of the screen saying “You Won, Play Again?” and two buttons with “Yes” and “No”.  I click on “Yes” and the screen where I place my ships appears.  After that game I decide not to play again so I click “No” which brings up the homescreen.
